
This simple example demonstrates a "throughput accurate" DMA model using NVidia Matchlib and Catapult HLS.

This is the same example as ../08_dma with the modification that the DMA and RAM blocks
are "wrapped" with axi4 signal level transactors so that each field in the AXI4 transactions
are represented with separate signal level ports. This makes it easier to identify the individual AXI4
fields when debugging or viewing waveforms in the RTL. However it also means that instantiating
and binding the DMA in Verilog will require more lines of code (to bind to each port which represents an AXI4 field).


Note that example ../08_dma also automatically generates the dma_split_wrap.v file. 
That wrapper splits out all of the ports and fields in Verilog, and is an alternative approach
to achieving a similar objective as this example. In fact, the automatically generated wrapper
is simpler and easier and is the recommended approach.

This example is presented to show that splitting out signals for each field in transaction objects
in the pre-HLS model is possible, if desired.

See ../../doc/matchlib_training.pdf for a description of this example.

Steps:

0. Set your shell environment variables:

1. Build SystemC model:
   make build

2. Run SystemC model:
   ./sim_sc

   Note log output similar to following:
85 ns Top.testbench start_time: 14 ns end_time: 85 ns
85 ns Top.testbench axi beats (dec): 64
85 ns Top.testbench elapsed time: 71 ns
85 ns Top.testbench beat rate: 1109 ps
85 ns Top.testbench clock period: 1 ns

   The DMA is performing a concurrent 64 beat burst read and write to the ram.
   The beat rate indicates that it is achieving nearly 1 beat per clock. 
   (As the burst length increases, the beat rate converges to 1).


3. View VCD waveforms from SystemC model before HLS:

   make view_wave

   Note in the waveforms the concurrent burst read and writes from the DMA fully utilize the AXI4 bus.
   Note the automated burst segmentation (for easy visualization, this example segments every 8 beats
     rather than the standard axi4 of 256 beats)

4. Run catapult HLS:
   catapult -file go_hls.tcl

5. Launch ModelSim on generated RTL:
   Verification->
      ModelSim->
        RTL Verilog   (Double click)

6. In ModelSim GUI, at command prompt:
     run -all

  Note in Modelsim transcript log :
 90 ns sc_main/Top/testbench beat rate: 1078 ps
 90 ns sc_main/Top/testbench clock period: 1 ns

  Note in the waveforms the concurrent burst read and writes from the DMA fully utilize the AXI4 bus.

7. If desired, delete generated files:
   make clean



