
This example shows how to generate an "idle" signal for a model in HLS that uses SystemC and Matchlib.

The example shows two ways to generate the idle signal:
1) When AUTOMATIC_IDLE is set, Catapult automatically generates the logic for the idle signal.
2) When AUTOMATIC_IDLE is not set, explicit logic is included in the model to generate the idle signal.


The main purpose of generating an "idle" signal for a process that will be synthesized thru HLS
is to know if the process can be manually clock gated in the RTL while it is idle.
(This is sometimes also called "coarse-grain clock gating".).
The basic idea is that if the process has no work to do, the clock can be disabled and then
re-enabled when there is work available, potentially resulting in considerable power savings.
In general, the goal of the idle signal generation and the clock gating methodology should be that the exact timing behavior
(ie cycle level waveforms) of the same clock-gated and non-clock-gated RTL should be identical for all possible stimulus.
This implies that it is required that when the "idle" signal is true, the process really is truly idle.

But what does it mean for a process to be idle?
Some possible answers are:

1. When the process is waiting for some inputs to become available.

2. When the process is waiting for all inputs to become available.

3. When the pipeline in the RTL for the process is fully flushed of all transactions.

4. When the process is blocked waiting to write one or more outputs.

All of these are valid conditions which might indicate that a process is idle.
In practice, the precise definition for a particular process depends on the model
characteristics of the process, but the designer is likely to know what the correct definition is.

In practice, the most common definition of idle seems to be the "AND" of items #1 and #3 above.

It should also be noted that in certain situations it may be desireable to gate the clock
to a process even if it has "work to be done", but perhaps not enough work justify keeping
the clock on. For example, for a block with a long pipeline (e.g. 20 stages), it may make
sense to gate the clock to the block if there are less than 3 transactions "in flight" thru
the pipeline and any of the block's inputs are stalled waiting for inputs.
The manual modeling approach shown in the example allows for this level of flexibility.

This example shows how to generate an idle signal for a process that is pipelined during HLS.
(The process in the DUT is pipelined with an II=1, and it has about 4 pipeline stages in the RTL due to the ac_sqrt operation).
Counters are used to track the number of transactions entering and leaving the pipeline, when the counters match,
we know the pipeline is empty. In addition, the idle signal depends on whether the process is stalled waiting
for inputs to become available.

The idle signal is used to gate the clock. The gated clock is generated in the testbench, so the gated clock
model here does not need to be synthesizeable. The assumption is that most ASIC library clock gating cells
operate by forcing the output clock signal high when it is to be idle, in other words:

   gated_clock = non_gated_clock | idle;

In the pre-HLS and post-HLS RTL simulations, it is critical to insure that the rising edge of the gated clock occurs in exactly
the same simulation delta cycle of the non-gated clock. The clock gating model here insures that this is the case.

The testbench is constructed so that it the DUT can use either the gated or non-gated clock as its input.
The log files for the two scenarios are generated and can be compared, and it can be seen that the introduction
of clock gating introduces no timing or functional differences between the two scenarios either in the pre-HLS or post-HLS models.

Steps:

1. Make pre-HLS systemc simulation:
   make build

2. Run pre-HLS systemc simulation
   ./sim_sc

3. View the waveforms generated from the SC simulation:
   make view_wave

4. Run Catapult HLS to generate Verilog RTL for DUT:
   catapult -f go_hls.tcl

5. Launch SCVerify / QuestaSim with generated RTL by typing in Catapult command line:
   dofile scverify.tcl

6. Run RTL Sim by typing in QuestaSim command line:
   run -all
   wave zoom full

7. View the RTL simulation waveforms and compare to SC waveforms before HLS synthesis

8. Delete all generated files
    make clean


